I've been trying SpoonieDay but the UI kind of sucks and I wish there was a section that took into account how symptomatic you are that day (and I'd love weather tracking too but that may be too much to ask for). It's been somewhat helpful in understanding how to strategically use the energy I do have in a day, but I want to see if there's something better.

I'd love to know of any suggestions that are similar. If not apps, if anyone uses a journaling system that helps them organize their energy use that could also be of interest to me. Thanks in advance!



Hey guys! I’m new to the whole chronically ill thing (you may have seen my post about being in denial lol). What is your favorite item/tip/strategy/etc that you’d like to share with someone who basically knows nothing?




Hello! I'm 22(F) and I'm autistic with ADHD. I recently downloaded Spoony, and I have mixed feelings about it.

While it's a nice idea to find others I can relate to, I found myself getting overwhelmed quickly. People who only started speaking to me just a minute ago were asking me to promise them a lifetime of friendship and lots of messages everyday.

I get worried that I'm too lonely and closed off from other people; and then suddenly - I get annoyed when people get "too attached" to me. I like friendships, but it's suffocating when someone I hardly know is asking if THEY CAN COLLAB on my YouTube channel? Like, what niche is this person even part of? They only started texting me last week.

The point is, I do like to chat, but it's just scary when people get all up in my business without hardly knowing me. Spoony shares the platform with other users, not just Autistic folks. I've seen someone there who is apparently part of a DID system. Actually... I've seen two DID systems, and one posts quite frequently.

A good chunk of these people straight up say they aren't diagnosed in their bios too... And the whole platform just... feels like too much.

I have too much social media already, I feel. Does anyone have any similar experiences with Spoony, or just with online chatting?

Many thanks!


A "spoonie" is someone living with a chronic illness, pain, or disability who uses the Spoon Theory metaphor to explain their limited daily energy,



